Added logging (#185)
Snowflake-Labs/snowcli: README.md

where COVERAGE < 75;
```

### Logging

> SnowCLI print logs on console. On default, it will print only error level logs, if you need more information you can run command with parameter `-v/--verbose`, this will print logs with level info and higher. If it still not enough, there is `--debug` parameter which will print logs with level debug and higher with additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SnowCLI print logs to console. By default, it will print only error level logs, if you need more information you can run command with parameter `-v/--verbose`, this will print logs with level info and higher. If it still not enough, there is `--debug` parameter which will print logs with level debug and higher with additional information.
```

Can you also show how will error log look like in cli?

Author: changed
